Card and chip assets from https://opengameart.org/content/playing-card-assets-52-cards-deck-chips
Poker table asset from https://www.behance.net/gallery/48265285/Poker-Assets

Rules can be found at https://www.pokerlistings.com/poker-rules-omaha

The current player is marked with a green background. Once the hand is visible, a dialog
will appear with an option to raise, call, or fold. If raise is clicked, a new dialog will
appear with a text input to enter the desired amount to raise by. If the input is invalid
or is less than or equal to the call amount, then a call is performed instead. During a turn
there is a button that will quit the game.

Game setup allows you to select the number of players. If the name and balance fields for
players 1 to n (where n is the number of selected players) are missing info, a dialog
appears and will not allow to start the game until enough of the field are filled out.
Balance field will only accept positive integer values.

Game implements small blinds and big blinds. Blinds are designated in logic, but are
not visible in UI. Using blinds, players automatically bet $5 and $10 for the small and
big blind, respectively. Round starts with small blind bet, then big blind bet, then the
player after the big blind will start the turn. After round, dealer and blinds are shifted
to the right.

Note: Code is not as clean as it could be. Too little time to refactor it all. Found out
the hard way that logic should be built in an event-driven approach. Big problem ran into
was GUI not updating due to running logic on the AWT thread. That is where I realized to
make GUI calls from the logic, not logic from GUI calls. A lot of time and effort put in
at this realization, therefore the code is not as object-oriented as I would have liked.

Note: Game allows for up to 10 players, however, only allowed up to 6 as the card images could
not be resized. This would cause overlapping issues and make the window too large. 6 player game
was tested on a 1080p screen with no issues, may be a concern on lower resolutions.